samples: matter: add support for nRF54L10 and nRF54L05 (#19209)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/hw_requirements.rst

External flash
**************

For the currently supported SoCs, you must use an external memory with at least 1 MB of flash for nRF52840 and nRF54L10, and 1.5 MB for nRF5340 and nRF54L15.
This is required to perform the DFU operation.

.. note::

>    The nRF54L15 has support for DFU with image compression, which may eliminate the need for external flash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The nRF54L15 supports DFU with image compression, which may eliminate the need for external flash.
```

   .. tab:: nRF54L15 DK

      The following table lists memory requirements for samples running on the :ref:`nRF54L15 DK <programming_board_names>` (:ref:`nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp <zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15>`).

>       The table can be used as a reference for the :ref:`nRF54L15 DK (emulating nRF54L10) <programming_board_names>` (:ref:`nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp <zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You can use the table as a reference for the :ref:`nRF54L15 DK (emulating nRF54L10) <programming_board_names>` (:ref:`nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp <zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15>`).
```

Author: fixed

      | User Data Logs retention      | 255kB (0x3FC00)      | 1k (0x400)           |
      +-------------------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

>    .. tab:: nRF54L10 emulation on nRF54L15 DK

Reviewer 2: @maciejbaczmanski would you be able to still add it?

>    .. tab:: nRF54L10 emulation on nRF54L15 DK

Author: @ArekBalysNordic just started working on that

>    .. tab:: nRF54L10 emulation on nRF54L15 DK

Reviewer 3: Done.
